Update service definition docs (#1423)
encoredev/encore: docs/tutorials/slack-bot.md

use a raw endpoint in Encore. For more information on this check out Slack's documentation
on [Enabling interactivity with Slash Commands](https://api.slack.com/interactivity/slash-commands).

🥐 In your Encore app, create a directory named `slack` containing a file named `encore.service.ts`.

```shell
$ mkdir slack
$ touch slack/encore.service.ts
```

🥐 Add the following code to `slack/encore.service.ts`:

```ts
-- slack/encore.service.ts --
import { Service } from "encore.dev/service";

export default new Service("slack");
```

> This is how you create microservices with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `slack` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `slack` service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is how you create define services with Encore. Encore will now consider files in the `slack` directory and all its subdirectories as part of the `slack` service.
```
